Sorry.
I forgot to bring it when I went out this morning.
But you come to our rich house, I will give it back to you.
Okay.
This is not my performance.
It seems like the acting of the year on the sidelines is exclusive.
This is why grandma wants to get married.
Hey, when are you guys getting married?
Our rich mother's wedding.
Can't go to dinner.
Do you like islands or old castles?
I love.
You see I ask you like that, how do you choose?
Hey, you have 3 days to prepare 10 sets of wedding plans.
Put that Maldives
Um, Bali.
It's best to sort all the European babies in.
Besides
Prepare some plans for a farm worker's Chinese-style wedding.
Let my niece-in-law think carefully.
Who's exaggerating?
Why not use girls?
An important day in life cannot be perfunctory.
You must prepare well.
By the way, where do you guys live?
A year will take you back.
Today we live in a private house.
Madam, would you like to have a health check-up now?
Oh, I have a niece-in-law.
Every day is full of strength and convenience.
Even a grandmother cannot do it.
Honey, you're in a hurry too, aren't you?
It turned out that my grandmother had Alzheimer's disease.
No wonder she considers herself the boss's grandmother.
He tried so hard to play the role of boss
Is it to serve grandmother?
Oh, it's so hard.